pythonhockey

pythonhockey is a command-line interface tool that automates the use of FNeulion using Python3 and the command line. pythonhockey is licensed under GPLv3.

DISCLAIMER:
pythonhockey was written solely as an educational tool to practice web parsing and regular expression statements. It should not be used to watch streams that you are not authorized to watch. pythonhockey is not responsible for any damage this program may cause.

pythonhockey is written using Python3.4.

HOW IT WORKS:

pythonhockey takes up to two command-line arguments, team name (i.e. flyers, canadiens, kings) and stream quality (800, 1600, 3000, 4500, 5000). The web parser will grab the Game ID and the link for the home or away feed, depending on if the team is the home or away team. 

After getting the correct link and activating FNeulion, the application will open VLC and the stream should begin playing at the quality you entered. If you did not specify a stream quality, or if you enter an invalid stream quality, it will attempt to start the stream at the default quality.

If you simply want to see what games are currently playing (or are about to start) and their start times, you can pass the 'schedule' argument.

SETUP

The FuckNeulionV2.3.jar file must exist in the same folder as this Python application, or it won't be able to complete the necessary steps to open the stream. FNeulion must be found from other sources. The pythonhockey author is not involved in any way with FNeulion.

SYNTAX EXAMPLE

For default stream quality:
./pythonhockey.py islanders

To specify stream quality (valid options: 800, 1600, 3000, 4500, 5000):
./pythonhockey.py islanders 4500

To print currently active games (or soon to start games):
./pythonhockey.py schedule

CURRENT RESTRICTIONS AND IMPORTANT NOTES

Requests module: The program requires the third-party module called 'requests'. It can be installed from the command-line by typing 'pip3 install requests'.

Java issues: At the beginning of the program, the application kills all running Java instances to prevent bind errors from previous runs. If you use Java for other things simultaneously, this could cause serious issues for you. You should disable the automatic killing of all Java pids by commenting out this command in the program.

Admin rights: The program assumes that your user is a member of the sudo group. 
